The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, it's crazy to watch the method.
When you see the method of how they cut the cocaine on your show,
where they're pouring cement into it, you're like what?
And then gasoline just giant Jew.
And then like all the other that they're all the different chemicals acid like,
Oh my God, this is crazy. I had no idea. I had no idea. That's how they make it.
Yeah. It's so,
so another episode that we filmed recently was here in Austin was actually meth
in Austin. And we were on my way driving here to the show.
I passed by the place where I had filmed just three weeks ago, actually this,
uh, this guy in his hotel room, a dealer and meth dealer,
but he was washing one of the things he did before he started getting clients.
And the clients are not the people that you think are meth users at all.
By the way we filmed, we interviewed a lawyer,
we interviewed a mom with kids at home. It was an entrepreneur,
not at all the people that you think are meth users.
And this guy before he started, he's washing the meth. Um,
and that's because he says he prides himself on selling good quality meth,
but he had purchased it from a Mexico. And he wasn't sure about the quality.
So he washes it. I can't remember what it is, the product that he puts in,
but it's to see all the other stuff that comes up and, uh, and him, you know,
you can tell,
and then you can see just sort of all this other chemicals that are put in there
and you sort of realize, and when I was filming in the cocaine lab,
the same thing and the fentanyl lab to the amount of that goes into these drugs,
if that alone is not going to dissuade you from doing them. Yeah.
It's chemicals. It's gasoline it's. Yeah.
Lime lime is something that goes into a lot of these. Yeah.
They use lime to get rid of bodies.
Yeah. Yeah.
The, this, um, meth guy, um, was he a big breaking bad fan?
Was it Brian Cranston fan wanted to, he wanted to be the guy.
It was actually, uh, my younger, I don't, I'm sure. You know,
one guy that we filmed for the fentanyl episode, it was a cartel chemist.
So this, this guy was a bio engineer, um,
and incredibly smart and knowledgeable.
And we met him in this abandoned location where he's basically making fentanyl
and pressing it into the M 30 pills, which are fake. Um,
it goes round back to the beginning of the opiod crisis.
Cause they make them to look like Oxycontin,
like the 30 milligram pills that Purdue pharma and, and so,
but it's pure fentanyl essentially. And, uh,
and they're becoming really popular on the streets of American park, you know,
really deadly stuff.
And so we saw him making it and you never know what these guys, like.
I spent time in some of these illicit labs where you kind of get a sense that
could go wrong very fast, because they have no idea what they're dealing with.
And these are very potent chemicals. But in this case, you know,
it's not easy to make. I mean,
it is because it's cheap and once you know how to do it, you know, to do it,
but it's no, I can't show up and try to make that the,
the whole thing could explode just because of the chemicals are so potent.
And yet here he was,
and we were wearing our hazmat suits and our masks and everything.
And I started talking to him and he was, I mean,
I suddenly thought I was talking to Walter White from breaking that he was
exactly that daycare,
a geek when it came to chemistry and had always loved chemistry and, you know,
had worked in chemistry for a while and then was approached by the Sinaloa
cartel. And they needed a guy who knew, who knew how to make this stuff. And,
and he's decided why not? I can make a lot more money and making this.
And now he's like one of the biggest chemists for the Sinaloa cartel.
Yeah. So when you talk to the people that did the meth,
did they have a reason, the people that,
that actually consume it when you said you talked to the mom and
the lawyers? Yeah.
It's a good party. Um, drug. It's a good, uh, it's a good it's, uh,
it helps with inhibition for people. Yeah. And apparently it really helps with,
uh, sex, especially it's a very consumed in the gay community as well.
Um, it helps. Yeah. Just, um, having a good time and.
It's getting wild. Yeah. Getting wild. Yeah. Yeah. Um,
have you done Adderall? I have not good for you.
You and I together give me some knuckles. All right. You have another, no,
but that's attempting one.
People keep telling me how amazing it is for like just cleaning your house,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.